CHAPTER I.

Three invalids. -- Sufferings of George and Harris. -- A
victim to one hundred and seven fatal maladies. -- Useful
prescriptions. -- Cure for liver complaint in children. --
We agree that we are overworked, and need rest. -- A week on
the rolling deep? -- George suggests the River. --
Montmorency lodges an objection. -- Original motion carried
by majority of three to one.

There were four of us -- George, and William Samuel Harris,
and myself, and Montmorency. We were sitting in my room,
smoking, and talking about how bad we were -- bad from a
medical point of view I mean, of course.

          We were all feeling seedy, and we were getting
          quite nervous about it. Harris said he felt such
          extraordinary fits of giddiness come over him at
          times, that he hardly knew what he was doing; and
          then George said that _he_ had fits of giddiness
          too, and hardly knew what _he_ was doing. With me,
          it was my liver that was out of order. I knew it
          was my liver that was out of order, because I had
          just been reading a patent liver-pill circular, in
          which were detailed the various symptoms by which
          a man could tell when his liver was out of order.
          I had them all.

It is a most extraordinary thing, but I never read a patent medicine
advertisement without being impelled to the conclusion that I am
suffering from the particular disease therein dealt with in its most
virulent form. The diagnosis seems in every case to correspond exactly
with all the sensations that I have ever felt.

I remember going to the British Museum one day to read up the
treatment 
for some slight ailment of which I had a touch -- hay fever,
I fancy it was. I got down the book, 
and read all I came to read; and
then, in an unthinking moment, I idly turned the leaves, 
and began to
indolently study diseases, generally. 
I forget which was the first
distemper I plunged into -- some fearful, devastating scourge, 
I know
-- and, before I had glanced half down the 
list of "premonitory
symptoms," it was borne in upon me that I 
had fairly got it.

     I sat for awhile, frozen with horror; and then, in the
     listlessness of despair, I again turned over the pages.
     I came to typhoid fever -- read the symptoms --
     discovered that I had typhoid fever, must have had it
     for months without knowing it -- wondered what else I
     had got; turned up St. Vitus's Dance -- found, as I
     expected, that I had that too, -- began to get
     interested in my case, and determined to sift it to the
     bottom, and so started alphabetically -- read up ague,
     and learnt that I was sickening for it, and that the
     acute stage would commence in about another fortnight.
     Bright's disease, I was relieved to find, I had only in
     a modified form, and, so far as that was concerned, I
     might live for years. Cholera I had, with severe
     complications; and diphtheria I seemed to have been
     born with. I plodded conscientiously through the
     twenty-six letters, and the only malady I could
     conclude I had not got was housemaid's knee.
